amid the growing humanitarian
catastrophe in Gaza a trickle of fuel
will begin to enter Gaza from the Raa
border crossing that decision coming
from Israel's war
cabinet the war cabinet AGR to a special
request by the United States to supply
two tankers per day for the wastewater
treatment facilities in the Gaza Strip
which are facing collapse due to the
lack of electricity and the lack of the
ability to operate the sewage and water
systems operated by unra this fuel is
meant for the treatment of sewage to
avoid the spread of diseases we fear for
our soldiers operating inside Gaza
that's why we do not wish to see an
outbreak any outbreak will undermine our
war
operations while the government insists
the fuel will be utilized by the United
Nations and vows it will not end up in
the hands of Hamas that hasn't stopped
far right-wing politicians from lashing
out like Finance Minister bezalel
smotrich who released a state saying
allowing fuel into Gaza is a grave
mistake and against the cabinet's
decision it reflects weakness it's
giving oxygen to the enemy and it allows
senoir to sit in an airconditioned
bunker comfortably watch the news and
continue to manipulate Israeli society
and the families of the hostages and
national security minister itar benir
who said once again policy decisions are
approved in the war cabinet something
that leads Israel to a wrong conception
as long as our abductees don't even get
a visit by the Red Cross there is no
sense to give the enemy humanitarian
gifts it's a finger in the eye for IDF
Soldiers the bereaved families and the
families of the missing and abducted
while internal divisions may not yet
pose a political threat to prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu he's also
faced growing outrage over how he and
his government are handling the issue of
securing the release of Israeli captives
still being held in
Gaza
their family members and relatives have
been demonstrating for days making their
way from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem we are
Marching here today to
Jerusalem hundreds of families and
thousands of people come join us to
Jerusalem hear our shout bring them back
home now the whole world Shout with us
bring them back home now in Israel
outrage both political and personal
expanding in equal measure Muhammad Jim
Al jaaz occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer